Chatbot User Manual
This manual is designed to help you get started with the Chatbot application. The Chatbot is a natural language processing program that engages in conversation with users, responding to their inputs and queries. The Chatbot is built using the GPT-2 language model and BERT sentiment analysis model.

Getting Started
To get started, you will need to clone the project from Github and install the required dependencies using pip. Here are the steps to follow:

Clone the repository from Github:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/[username]/[repository-name].git
Navigate to the project directory:

bash
Copy code
cd [repository-name]
Install the required dependencies using pip:

Copy code
pip install -r requirements.txt
Run the Chatbot application:

css
Copy code
python main.py
Using the Chatbot
Once you have launched the Chatbot application, you can start chatting with the Chatbot. The Chatbot will respond to your inputs and queries in a conversational manner.

To exit the Chatbot application, type "exit" and press Enter.

Configuring the Chatbot
The Chatbot can be configured using the config.json file located in the project directory. Here are some of the options that can be configured:

model_engine: The GPT-2 model to use for the Chatbot.
conversational_flows: Predefined conversational flows that the Chatbot can use to guide the conversation.
seed: The random seed to use for reproducibility.
api_key: The API key to use for external services (not currently used).
Modifying the Chatbot
If you want to modify the Chatbot, you can edit the main.py file located in the project directory. Here are some of the functions that can be modified:

process_user_input: This function processes the user input before passing it to the Chatbot.
classify_sentiment: This function classifies the sentiment of the user input using the BERT model.
generate_response: This function generates the response of the Chatbot to the user input using the GPT-2 model.
run: This function runs the Chatbot application.
Conclusion
The Chatbot is a powerful natural language processing program that can engage in conversation with users in a conversational manner. With its configurable options and modifiable functions, the Chatbot is a flexible and customizable tool for a variety of applications.
